hello how are you good in this video les
I will teach how to download
components on your pc that are not that
are missing such as a
dll file but it looks like a square that
says that we imagine that we want to open
a game and it tells you that it can not be opened
for a file of 3 jp point dl the
dll files are essential in a
machine
sometimes they get lost are deleted or by
some reason most times when
it is formatted but I do not know very well about
it so let's move on to how
recover those files so what
first thing we're going to do is go to
link that I will leave in the
description of the video that is the page
official to download dll files us
we go
Internet
we stick
i
and very well once we are inside
this page here will not appear on
to write the name of the file that
we need in this case I'm
helping a friend to solve this
problem problem
who is now
he told me that the file he is missing
it's called collation and 4 point of ll
then what we are going to do
is to put that name like this
but
dv
I think that we 4 dl here appears and we're going
let's look and it appears here this is
to download not us where we
we have to go is
how to install like this but we are not going here
use of files and let's give it
download geteccu firewall from me
they understood we are going to click here and
will begin to download the zip file
well I'm going to pause the video about
seconds to finish the download
good once it has been downloaded
this we are going to take to the desk
here we'll give right click and
extract here
this is not going to appear that says lm but
they are not other faults because he now what
I'm going to explain this file well
they have here they are going to take it they have to
go on local disk computer windows
and here you have to go where it says
system there are 32 and you have to go to
210 there are 32 go and paste in the file
attend move three fingers and you're done and
this case if you have windows
if you have windows not windows if
not if they have a 64-bit version of them
this folder is going to appear
it's called s & s wow 64 and they're going to have
to paste there is also then we go
to give another one is right click true and
good again they will have to send
which has to put the components
list once they have stuck that is
then with any program with
any of which you lack
they just have to put the name
download it and do the steps that I just
to do if they have to know that if you have
versions is 34 bits have to paste
the uncles and also in the other folder
well that's all friends I hope you
has served and subscribe be the channel of
I like to continue supporting me for
keep making videos and good has gone up
for the portion of you can add
one on facebook if left in the
description and good none of this has been
everything and I hope you have a good day and
see you later